So after having a look at the learning curve let's understand how easy we can use these for books and
smaller apps or on pages of multi-page applications.
So when not building a single page application with these frameworks for that I came up with a couple
of questions I want to ask and then answer for each framework.
Can you just drop in a javascript import and get started.
So simply just import the framework and start writing code is that possible is the framework for multi-page
applications.
So how does a ship with a lot of overhead.
Do you need a workflow which you would kind of have to replicate for each page all which you have to
incorporate into your full stack application which is not too convenient is a more complex build workflow
required or recommended that's kind of connected to the last question.
Do we really need a workflow or can we just drop and the important start writing code and don't care
about any javascript supersets like typescript or stuff like that.
And does the framework ship with a lot of overhead.
So are there a lot of things included which we might not need on every page and which make it hard to
optimize that for smaller apps.
Well let's try answering these questions for the first question.
Can you just drop in a javascript important get started for an angler.
Well that's a no Fring.
We really need that workflow because we basically need typescript and we need to compile types.
That doesn't happen in the browser or Whilst technically possible.
That would really be a performance head.
So anger just isn't made for multi-page applications or smaller apps.
It's just not what's there for the chairs however.
Yeah of course we can't just import the view framework either from a Cdn or by picking the download
on the official page and storing it locally and importing the file.
And we're good to go.
We don't have to use dot view files.
We don't have to use any workflow.
We can't just get started.
React.
Yeah we can get started there too.
So I'll give it a plus here.
It might not be the way you write most of your re-act apps.
But again it's possible you can just import the Cdn links or download the files and import them from
your local file system and get started with basic re-act components you create with IA's five javascript.
That's possible no workflow is absolutely needed.
Here is a framework suited for multi-page applications of course.
Kind of answer the first question but here it's also really important to understand is there a lot of
overhead we have because on one page we might just be interested in opening a modal on another page.
Maybe you want to show an alert and you are again it's not suited for that.
That's just how it is.
Nothing else to add here.
It's just way too much code way too complicated for that.
It's not there it's not made to simply control a single piece of a tiny page you Chason you aren't yet
sure.
Go ahead do it.
It's great that you can just control the part of the DOM of the HMO code you want to control and you
want to change or.
Well manipulate with view and react.
Yeah sure but on the other hand it might not be super easy to get started here.
You can definitely use it for multi-page applications.
Facebook is the best example but if that's getting a bigger app with many pages you might still again
need flow which you will have to set up first which incorporates into your full Steg app so that each
page you render with your back and framework like maybe node jazz or beach B.
Then each page you render there each view each HTL page includes the right script imports and the right
portion of code so that you don't have a big code package which you import and every page even though
it might contain a lot of code which is not needed on a single page.
So technically possible but might be more complicated to set up.
That leads us to the next question is a more complex build workflow absolutely required or recommended
for simpler apps here.
Because that's what we're talking about right now.
Engler.
Yes that's why I have a minus here.
That's bad right because it doesn't really fit into this idea of creating smaller apps.
We need the workflow we need to compile types.
We need to ban everything and we need to optimize a lot fewer chairs.
No it's not absolutely required.
It might be beneficial.
It might give you advantages but it's not absolutely required and react.
Yeah I'm kind of it is.
It's possible to use it without that.
But really re-act works best when using ESX for which you will probably need a workflow because that
isn't supported by all browsers.
And you also might need to do some other things bundling things efficiently so yeah you kind of need
a work flow.
That is why I gave that equal sign and the last question and that might be a reason why you might not
want to use it.
Though keep in mind if you are willing to set up such a word for there is nothing wrong with using react.
Facebook is using it in the end on their multi-page application Facebook dot com.
So that's that does the framework ship with a lot of overhead.
ENGLER probably yes and yes I know you can optimize it you can strip out code you're not using but still
the whole idea behind laying low with modules and everything is just a bit overkill for simply controlling
a tiny piece in an existing application or on a page of a multi-page application viewed as on the other
hand.
Yes sure of course it might also include things you don't need on that single page but in the end it
is clean and you can only bring what you need.
And there is no difficult concept behind it which is overkill and react.
Yeah.
It's also good for data.
Does a ship with a lot of overhead it's pretty lean.
It's made for dead except purpose of controlling and manipulating your view.
So you are HVM all code and therefore that is really great for that.
This brings us back to our overview page.
And how would we rate of frameworks there.
Well angleworm that's going to be a minus because it's just not what it's made for.
If you're creating a multi page application or a very very simple single page application angler might
not be the best framework for you view chairs on the other end.
Great framework definitely use that.
That is absolutely something you can do with it and react.
All adds up plus a little bit less screen though because of that workflow thing but again it really
is suited for that.
It just might be more complicated to get it to work as intended and to optimize it but still doable
and absolutely a nice choice here.
Let's move on to the next thing.
Upscaling or single page applications.